Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
ANNOUNCER:
Star of screen and stage.
the original Face! Face! Face!.
an inaugural winner
of RuPaul's Drag Race
BeBe Zahara Benet!
-
-Wait.
All of you are here
for me. honey?
-ALL: Yeah!
-I made it.
She's made it.
Sit down. sit down. sit down.
sit down. sit down.
I just have a question. people.
I just have a question.
Did every single
one of you here buy tickets.
-or did some of you
come from the side door?
-
I'm just saying.
because. bitch. I need to make
some money. honey.
I'm just saying. honey.
bitch. I need to...
Look at the look.
I mean. she's spent
quite a few coins on this.
Hi. everybody.
Look at all you
beautiful people.
just beautiful.
Beautiful!
Dressed for the occasion.
I'm sure you knew who
you were coming to see. yes.
-And for those
who do not look...
...beautiful.
I'm just gonna see this bitch.
This is a taping. you know.
we're taping the show.
so when it's done. we're gonna
go right to the back room.
the editing room. we'll edit you
out of the footage.
'Cause. bitch.
we're trying to give a look.
an upper look. you know what
I mean? I'm sorry. guys.
Beautiful people.
make some noise!
You all look so stunning.
I am here.
Anybody from. uh. Brooklyn?
-Anybody from Brooklyn?
-
All of the Brooklyn folk.
thank you so much for coming.
I just want you all
to take some time and relax.
I want you all
to have a good time.
let down those tresses.
Hair.
-Hair.
-
Hair. You know what I'm saying?
I just want us to relax
because I want you
to just think of this
like being in my home.
you know. just think of you.
you're in my house.
you know. minus the furniture.
Yeah. Don't think
about the furniture.
Just close your eyes
and think of the fact
that you're in
a beautiful castle
with lots of beautiful.
opulent furniture.
Yes. 'cause today. we didn't
have a good budget for this.
-you know?
-
But we're gonna relax.
You know. because I'm asking
you all to relax.
I need to be relaxed too.
So I need to take my shoes off.
Can someone help me
take my shoe...
Oh. oh. Oh!
-Oh!
-
Oh! Why. everybody say.
"Hi. Tim."
ALL: Hi. Tim!
Uh. hon. Tim. take the time.
take the time. my honey.
Okay. uh... Ooh!
Okay. okay. bitch.
Okay. Tim. take the time.
Oh. hell yeah.
Uh-huh. And uh-uh.
Tim. Tim. Tim. Tim. Tim.
Just leave it
on the side of the stage here.
Just put it on the side. yeah.
Don't try to try it on. honey.
Not here.
Okay. bitch. it took a lot
to look this cheap. honey.
so just keep it right there.
I'm not try...
I'm not trying to help Tim
with his fetish.
you know what I mean?
Not that kind of show. bitch.
Hi!
Oh. hello. sir.
What's your name?
Oh. I'm talking to you.
Oh. you're not sure
what your name is?
Do you know where you are?
Testing... Testicles?
Testicles. testicles. testicles.
Do you know what you are. sir?
Oh. he doesn't know.
I don't... I don't know.
He definitely did not
buy a ticket. honey.
He didn't buy no ticket.
Okay. people.
are we gonna have...
Yeah. are we gonna have fun?
-Come on. We're gonna have it.
-
Because we're gonna have fun.
listen. like.
when I say my people...
When I say. "My people."
I need you all to say.
"Oh-oh-ho!"
and all of you
are probably saying like...
The Caucasians are like.
"Oh. my gosh.
I didn't get that." But...
"Oh-oh-ho" in my culture.
when we say. "My people."
and you say. "Oh-oh-ho."
it means like. it's like.
"Hey. what's up?" And you're
like. "Bitch. what's the tea?"
You know what I'm saying?
Sir. do you understand.
straight man?
You understand what I'm saying?
I don't know
if you're straight or not.
I don't know what you're giving.
but the illusion is very.
like. heterosexual.
You know what I'm saying?
But... My people!
ALL: Oh-oh-ho!
We'll try to get... My people!
Okay. bitch.
Let me tell you that
if you do not know who I am.
for the straight men back there
and the one here
who doesn't know where he is...
...my name is BeBe Zahara Benet.
Uh-huh. and some of you
would know me
from a very little television
show called RuPaul's Drag Race.
Uh-huh. Uh-huh.
How many people
have watched that show?
And how many people
have not watched that show?
Then you go. straight men.
Go ahead. You can go ahead.
do what you wanna do.
It's called cable television.
Try it. it does wonders.
It's amazing.
But guess what?
Right now. I'm going to
upgrade your experience
'cause you're here
to watch me. right?
-Yeah.
And when you go home.
you're gonna have nightmares.
but they'll be beautiful.
Yes. they will
definitely be beautiful.
But yes. but that's not all.
That's a part of my. you know...
My name is BeBe.
Okay. that's great.
But I'm also from West Africa.
Precisely. Cameroon.
That's where I was born.
I see you shaking your head
like you know where Cameroon is.
-Bitch. you don't know
where Cameroon is.
-
Bitch. you don't know
where it is.
You think
it's some exotic island.
Bitch. you do not know
where Cameroon is.
and I just have to say this.
you know. because
I just have to say this
to every single one of you
'cause it's. like.
it's been bothering me
Bitch. that's hard to feel
sometimes with the bother.
You know what I'm saying?
People. did you know
that Africa is a continent
-and Cameroon is a country?
-AUDIENCE MEMBERS: Yes!
-Bitch. you did not.
-
No. you did not.
No. no. no. no. no.
Africa is a... Word?
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: Continent!
And Cameroon is a...
AUDIENCE MEMBERS: Country!
Straight men in the back.
it's like continent.
many countries.
And Cameroon. one country.
Do you understand?
I'm so tired of people
always asking me
where Cameroon is.
Like. "Oh..."
I remember this one incident
when I was.
you know. I went to an event
and was dressed to the nines.
bitch. I was looking
really. really good.
I was looking stunning.
You know. you always
want to pull a look. bitch.
and make an entrance.
You know what I'm saying?
Make an entrance.
I was in there.
I mean. I was just having
such a good time.
And then I see this lady.
straight men. yes.
I see him... I see her walking.
She was coming close to me.
I thought.
"Oh. bitch. she looks good."
She had a three-piece suit on.
looking absolutely stunning.
Her colors. you know. she was...
You know. this rollers.
yes. holding her little purse.
you know.
And she was a Caucasian woman.
of course.
She was giving you
very Hillary Clinton money.
so you could tell
she was a rich white woman. Yes!
So I was just sitting there.
so she comes up to me
and she's like. "Oh. my gosh.
you look so amazing.
"You look stunning." I'm like.
"Oh. my gosh. thank you."
She's like.
"Where are you from?"
I said. "I am from West Africa.
precisely. Cameroon."
She's like. "Oh. Africa!
"I have a friend. Mohammed.
from Senegal.
"You must know him."
"Bitch. I don't know no Mohammed
from Senegal."
How many people here
have a friend named Mohammed
or Mohammed as a common...
Just raise your hands.
"Yes. bitch. I don't know your
friend Mohammed from Senegal.
"I don't. And while we're at it.
I'm just gonna tell you. bitch.
"I do not know Kunta Kinte.
"I do not know Toby
from the Roots.
"I don't know Rafiki
from The Lion Queen.
"I do not know Zamunda.
"And I definitely. definitely
do not know Wakanda.
"Bitch. I don't. Don't ask me
about these places. like...
from Senegal."
And you know
why I know it's Simba.
It's such a tragedy
what happened to Simba.
and the father.
You know what I mean?
You know what happened to Simba.
I wonder what he's doing
these days.
Do you know what Simba is doing?
Do you even know Simba?
Oh. American. you know.
Yes. I got to say that.
And then. you know.
I don't understand
why a lot of times
when Americans
think of us Africans.
they think of
National Geographic.
Uh... Right.
I don't get it.
You know what I mean?
Bitch. we are not just
sitting in mud houses
with bones in our nostrils.
hunting lions
and talking to them.
like. "Hey. bitch.
what's going on?" "Hey. girl."
You know.
we don't talk to our animals.
Do you guys here
talk to your pets?
Yes. you do. Yes. you do.
Yes. you do. Very strange.
Very... That's something.
It's very stra...
That's very strange!
Bitch. very strange.
I must... I must admit. honey.
That's very strange.
because I remember.
I'm. like. sitting
in my apartment. you know.
I'll be sitting in my apartment
and. you know. I live
in a beautiful apartment.
at least I make a little money.
So the apartment is beautiful.
and then
it has a little balcony. okay?
So then there's always
this white lady...
You know. it's always white.
Sorry. I have to let you know
what the race is.
so you can really picture.
And she's walking around.
every time
she's with her stroller.
always walking around.
just. like. in front of
our apartment.
And then she's gonna wave.
I'm like. "Hey. bitch.
what's going on?"
And so. she's walking
and then she comes back
and forth and back and forth.
and always...
So I thought it was like
a kid in the stroller.
You know that.
"Oh. Mommy dearest." Very that.
So then I said...
One day I was like. "Let me
just go up to the store.
"It's a beautiful afternoon.
Let me just go up to the store."
So. bitch.
I'm going up to the store
and she's coming down
with that stroller.
So I was like.
"Hey. how are you?"
You know. trying to be
a good neighbor.
So I said.
"Hey. girl. how are you?
"Oh. my gosh. your child.
"I know it's so hot outside.
It's like 90 degrees.
"What's her name?"
And then she tells me the name
of the child is Ting-Ting.
I said. "Oh. Ting-Ting."
Mind you. I haven't seen
what's in the stroller.
-I was like...
-
Oh. bitch. So I was like.
"Oh. hi. Ting-Ting."
You know. you're always
trying to make like
you love the kid. honey.
You cannot just be like...
"Hi. Ting-Ting."
So. she opened...
...the stroller.
Bitch. it was a rabbit.
Bitch. I kid you not.
I'm not lying.
It was a rabbit.
Rabbit's name is Ting-Ting
in a stroller.
Can you picture that?
You all are strange here.
I mean. I'm not judging.
I'm not judging.
You would speak to your pets
and Ting-Ting the rabbit.
But you're strange.
You're strange.
Yeah. but... And while
we are at this... This topic.
sir. can you just tell me...
What's your name. sir?
It's like one of those. like.
normal names. like Mohammed.
You know what I'm saying.
You just don't really...
It doesn't stick out that much.
You know what I'm say...
Kevin is like. "Bitch.
what did I sign up for. honey?
"Bitch. what did I sign up for?"
But you know what?
Kevin. can you tell me
who has always
told you Americans
that 25 cents a day
could keep an African child
from being hungry?
Who. Kevin?
Bitch. you can't even get
a Happy Meal for 25 cents.
Oh. the media. bitch.
What did the...
The... Why the lie...
Right.
25 cents a day. bitch.
No.
Girl... And by the way. just...
All you know right now
in Africa.
we have food and water.
Okay. bitch. And food and water.
You can make some noise
for that. Yeah.
And Africa is very beautiful.
I must let you know.
Africa is beautiful.
It's just like Houston. Texas
minus the racism
and Confederate flags. bitch.
It's... You're...
Oh. was that too much?
I'm just telling you
the truth. you know.
Just from the eyes
of an African. honey.
Just saying. Hey.
ALL: Hey.
What were you saying?
What did you say?
Kevin. you've been to Africa?
What part?
It's like... There are
many countries. honey.
-Botswana and Senegal.
-Oh. Oh. so you know Mohammed.
So you know Mohammed.
You must know Mohammed. Kevin.
You must!
Know... Mohammed.
You know.
I just have to say. you know.
when I look at my journey.
I came here about 20 years ago.
I was just barely
an infant. honey...
Why are you laughing?
What's funny? I know
you've gone to Wikipedia
and googled to try to see
what my age is.
but bitch. it lies. okay?
But. you know.
when I came here...
Not when I came here
but when I was thinking
of coming here
because my parents announced
to me back at home.
they were like. "Oh. BeBe.
we're gonna send you to America.
"so you can. you know.
get your studies or whatever."
Bitch. I was very excited.
I was like. "Oh. my gosh.
the American dream. honey."
I was like.
"Ooh. the high rises.
"Bitch. you know. furs.
"you know.
I'm gonna satisfy myself.
"I'm gonna look like
this white Caucasian woman.
"you know. just very rich."
I was thinking of Hollywood.
I was... Oh. bitch. I was
looking at the brochure. girl.
it was like paradise.
Oh. bitch.
I said "brochure." girl.
Bitch. I said "brochure." honey.
Yes. very that.
Everybody say. "Brochure."
ALL: Brochure!
Now. what. honey?
But. bitch.
I was looking at a brochure.
it was very. like.
paradise here on Earth.
I was like. "Oh. my God. bitch.
I'm going to America!"
Why did I land
and my final destination
was Minnesota?
Bitch. it was minus 2 degrees
and they had a blizzard.
Bitch. I looked at the brochure.
I looked out the window.
I said. "Oh. hell no!
"This must be the layover."
I said.
Yeah. because bitch. this is not
what the brochure was saying.
This is not what the brochure
was saying. you know?
Right. sis?
Do you know what I'm talking?
How many people
have been to Minnesota?
-MAN: Yes!
-
How many of you have been
to Minnesota in the winter?
So the brochure lied.
Did it lie. girl?
Yeah. I said. not tonight.
It's like what you ordered
and what you received.
I said no. But. you know.
you kind of make it work.
You know.
And so. I came here to America.
Finally. I'm in America.
No matter where I am.
I am here in America.
I have made it.
And you all can make some noise
for me being here.
She made it.
But you know. when I got here...
Bitch. when I got here
in Minnesota.
not like... Well. America.
Same thing.
But still. they were...
My friends were like.
"Okay. let's go out
and let's go have food. BeBe."
You know. mind you.
I've been here for a little bit.
you know. a little while.
But you know. sometimes
when you come here.
there's always like that
culture shock.
And the first culture shock
was. of course. the winter
which I kind of. like. started
getting myself used to it.
But okay. the restaurant...
I've never really gone
to a restaurant.
So I said. "Okay.
let's go to a restaurant."
So we go and we are sitting
at the restaurant.
And now I'm trying to be
very. very inquisitive
and just looking around.
And one thing I noticed
on every table
was salt and pepper.
Like. every table
had salt and pepper.
So I didn't really understand.
I was like.
"Maybe that's how
the Americans do it."
And then. all of a sudden.
the waiter comes
and brings us the menu.
And all the menus
look like a phone book
with. like. so many pages.
I felt like I was
holding my dissertation.
I mean. it really...
Bitch. it really did.
And then
he's standing right there
and. like. it seems like
there was this imaginary
time clock saying.
"Bitch. you better order
really fast.
"Hurry. hurry. hurry. hurry."
Girl. I swear I could hear
the music of Joe Purdy
just playing.
just playing. And...
So I have to go through
all of this dissertation.
which is "AKA" the menu. bitch.
So when I'm done. I'm going to
have high blood pressure
and I'm going to have
an anxiety complex.
But I said...
"The Yelp review
never gave all of that."
Lied again. like the brochure.
You know what I'm saying?
So then the food comes out.
The food comes out
looking stunning.
You Americans know
how to sell the illusion. bitch.
Bitch. when it comes
to the presentation.
y'all know how to present!
The food comes out...
Just laid on the table.
Just spread. bitch.
Now I understood why
the table had salt and pepper.
Americans. what is up
with your unseasoned food?
Where is the flavor?
Bitch. where is the flavor?
Bitch. I know if my sister or
my auntie was sitting with me.
they should have been like.
"BeBe. I cannot say...
Why...
"Why this people's food
tasting like that now. heh?"
"Where is the Maggi and the salt
and pepper and the onions
"and all the things... I just...
Where is the Aqaba. heh?"
Girl. I could just see
my auntie just saying that.
you know?
But I have to use this moment
to really apologize
to all of my girlfriends.
because every time
we went to a restaurant.
they will hold this. like.
designer bags.
you know what I mean?
And they'll go to the restaurant
and when we go to the restaurant
and the food comes out
and that bag opens.
there's a whole bunch of spices
coming out.
And I used to talk
to my girls. I said.
"Bitch. this is so embarrassing.
"What are these people
thinking of us?"
Mind you that we're Black girls.
I love you sisters. you know.
I mean. if I'm gonna
call the white girls.
I gotta call
the Black girls. so...
It was us. honey.
just pulling out all the spices.
and I just had to say...
But now it made sense
because when they pulled out.
it was a lot...
It wasn't like a lottery.
It was a necessity.
Like. you needed those spices.
And I know you Americans
know what I'm talking about.
about the flavor.
Make some noise if you know what
I'm talking about the flavor.
So. Kevin.
do you know what I did?
As a matter of fact. I brought
my purse today. honey.
Yes. Oh. yes. I did.
You know. because every time
I've been going ever since then.
I carry my purse.
And tonight.
I had to bring my purse
because I wasn't so sure
what you audiences will give me.
I don't know
if you'll be salt and pepper
or if I would need to season
y'all bitches.
So I brought...
Let's see what I have here.
Hmm.
Oh. bitch.
I have my black pepper. Mmhmm.
-MAN: Yay!
-Mmhmm.
Let me see. I have my...
Oh. my Baileys. Mmhmm.
Mmhmm.
What do I have?
I have my sesame seed. bitch.
Mmhmm.
I have the sesame seed. bitch.
I have my hot sauce. bitch.
Bitch. I have my paprika. bitch.
Bitch. I got my paprika. bitch.
What do I have? My five spice.
Yeah. that...
That is a good one. bitch.
It's just a good one.
You need to try it. uh-huh.
It's a good...
And then. ah. yes.
And my sumac here.
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
Oh. bitch. oh... Oh!
And I brought some sprays.
I brought
my pepper spray. bitch?
Oh. yes. bitch. I hear that.
You know. if anybody
tries to act cute. honey.
I'm gonna use my pepper spray
because... Oh. yes. bitch.
I'm not doing it. honey.
I could be tall and Black.
but I'm not
Dave Chappelle. bitch.
And bitch. Will Smith
is not about to get...
Is Will in the house?
Will. I got one for you.
bubba. bitch!
If you come to me. honey.
Kevin...
She just needs
to come prepared. honey.
You are just looking at me
so stunned.
I know you've never seen
this kind of beauty before.
It's a lot.
It's a lot to. you know.
take it all in. Mmhmm.
Mmhmm. What's your name. sir?
-Oh. hi. Brian.
Where are you from?
Where's that?
Oh. okay.
It's a country?
Bitch on a bus.
But you know. when I...
Also. I just have to
also ask you all Americans.
and I wanna say. I have so much
love for all of us. for you.
But I also don't understand
why people are so...
Americans just. in general.
why you all
are so obsessed with accents?
Like... Oh. they... Am I lying?
Please. make some noise if
you think I'm telling the truth.
Yes. I was in another event.
you know.
having a good time.
dressed to the nines.
You know. like I say.
I always dress. honey.
And this lady
comes through again. honey.
Caucasian lady.
And I love you Caucasian women.
Don't think I'm trying
to pick on you. because
you bitches pay my bills. so...
I'm not...
You understand? I know.
You know that purse
has a lot of...coins.
So. but...
It's always y'all acting very
blonde. you know what I mean?
Like. it's like America
is full of a lot
and a lot of different cultures.
so I just don't understand
when an immigrant comes
and you guys act like it's some
alien from outer space.
She comes up to me
and she's having
a conversation with me.
and she's like. "Hey. you know.
you're dressed nice.
"Oh. my gosh.
you look really good."
I said. "Oh. bitch.
thank you so much.
I get this all the time."
And she's like. "Oh."
So we started
having a conversation.
So she asked me and she's like.
"Where are you from?"
I said. "I'm from Cameroon.
West Africa."
She's like.
"Oh. my gosh. your accent.
"Oh. your accent
is so beautiful."
I said. "Oh. bitch. here we go.
"Here we go."
The accent.
the stereotypes that you...
You know. it's come
to the point where
now every time when people ask
me. "Your accent. your accent."
I just break down and just be
honest and I say.
"Hey. bitch.
I'm from South Dakota.
"It's exotic there."
I'm just a riot. bitch.
You've got to tell...
You know what I mean?
And by the time
they come to you and say.
"Hey. bitch. where you...
Where are you from?
"Oh. my gosh. you have a..."
"Oh. you have a nice thing."
You got to catch them
before they try to catch you.
Okay. you're trying to tell me
that I have an accent. honey.
What's so special
about my accent. anyways?
Nothing so special.
Try people from Boston
and New Orleans. honey.
Oh. girl. anybody from Boston
and New Orleans.
if you've heard them talk.
now that's an accent. honey.
Isn't that an accent. honey?
Yes. that's an accent.
You know. sometimes
when I go to those cities.
I have to just take my
translation dictionary with me.
They'd be like. "Hi! Hi!"
"Siri. what did they say?"
But you know what?
I'll have to also say this.
You know.
the fact that I'm African.
and by the way. I am a very.
very proud African. sis.
-I'm a proud one.
-
How many... Do we have
Africans in the house?
I'm not talking about
those from here.
and I love you from here. bitch.
'cause I knew
it's a lot of boats. honey.
But Africans
that have come here.
not through
what they've come through.
like airplane. I need them
coming through the airplane.
Make some noise.
Oh. where are you from?
Ethiopia!
Oh. oh!
That's a long way. bitch.
Other... Other people
from Africa? Also Ethiopia.
Who else do we have
in the house?
-Oh. where are you from. sir?
-
Oh. ooh. South Africa.
Oh. any other Africans
in the house?
Just two?
Oh. you used to live
in Botswana?
Oh. so. you think
you have a card
because you used to live
in Botswana.
Bitch. no. you don't.
That don't make you
no African. bitch.
You're just brown. honey.
But I have to just say that
the fact that
I am African. Kevin...
You know. Kevin is like.
"Oh. bitch..."
you're gonna
get used to it. but...
The fact that I'm African
doesn't mean
I drive a cab.
or I know how to braid hair.
I'm just... I just have to say
it doesn't. I'm not...
Well. as a matter of fact.
I probably know...
I know how to braid hair
because after
we're done tonight.
I have to go to 125th Street
because I have some clients
till midnight. do you get it?
Yeah. yeah. yeah.
No. I'm just saying. sis.
because it takes a lot to look
this cheap. You understand
what I'm saying?
So I gotta go make my coins.
you know what I'm saying.
because people think like.
"Oh. you won RuPaul's Drag Race
and blah. blah..."
Bitch. I'm still broke.
you know what I mean?
Like. one of my friends.
the other day. called me
and she was like.
"Oh. BeBe. you need to...
"You need to spread the wealth."
I said. "Bitch. what do you mean
'I need to spread the wealth'?"
Okay? She's like.
"Girl. well. I was on Google
"and I found out your worth
is $1.5 million."
I'm like.
"Bitch. where is the money?
"Bitch. where's the money?
"Because I remember
when I won RuPaul's Drag Race.
"it was $20.000. bitch.
"And by the time
I received my check.
"the IRS had taken
half of that check.
"They had. bitch. and then
when I wanted to cash the check.
"I had to pay
to cash the check. Bitch.
"And then I had to feed
all of Africa.
"So. bitch. where is the money?
"Because the wire transfer
has not cleared. bitch.
"I'm still waiting. bitch."
I'm telling you.
Google and Wikipedia. bitch.
they try...
The lies they tell!
Hi!
What's your name. sir?
-Oh.
Just like Mohammed.
Just like Mohammed
from Senegal. bitch.
So now you see how stupid
that question was. bitch.
I'm just saying. but...
Kevin. I'm not trying to say
anything wrong about you.
Kevin. it's a... You're okay.
but it's a good name.
Mmhmm.
You know. one thing I also
noticed when I came here.
like. one of the stereotypes
I see.
you know. when I come here. um.
people always tell me.
"Oh. my gosh. Africa. Africa.
Are you guys...
"The fact that
you're from Africa.
"that means you guys
really know how to move.
"Like. you have rhythm."
I said.
"Well. some of that is true.
"but not everybody has rhythm."
you know what I mean?
Because I feel like
the media has bamboozled you.
that in Africa we just have
only three dance moves. Okay?
Like. we have just a...
Bitch. you know. and...
Any dancers in the house?
Any... Y'all know exactly
what I'm talking about.
You think we have just
three dance moves?
And do you wanna know
who I really blame. honey?
I'm not pointing at you
like you're the one I blame.
Don't get too nervous.
But bitch. I blame
Coming to America.
Bitch. yes. I blame that movie
They tried it. bitch.
They tried it thinking that
we have just three dance moves.
The only thing they got right
is the rose petals.
Yeah. everything
is far-fetched. bitch.
Everything is far... But if
you're a dancer in the house
and you know
what I'm talking about.
those three African moves.
please make some noise.
-MAN: Yay!
-
Uh. if I ask you
to come up here.
can you come up here. honey?
Come up here. honey.
Mm.
Wow. Wow.
Mmhmm.
Okay. bitch. I... What's...
What's your name. by the way?
What's your name. sir?
Uh. Kevin.
Oh. bitch. you don't look
like a Kevin. honey.
You're not giving me a Kevin.
honey. that's not an illusion.
-What's your name. sir?
-Eddie.
Oh. Eddie. Where are you from?
New York. Manhattan.
-Born and raised?
-No.
Bitch. we need to know
the real place.
Bitch. where are you from?
Liberty. New York.
Is that a country?
I'm just saying. bitch.
is that a country?
But listen. Eddie.
I want you to...
How do you... By the way.
there's three dance moves
I'm talking about
and you say you know
-about...
-I think I know what you mean.
You think I know. What makes
you think that you know?
Taking dance.
Oh. tak... Oh. because you're
a dancer and a choreographer?
Oh. So...
I know... I don't know
if I know you.
and I am putting you
on the spot...
I just wanna make sure
that you don't have
a heart attack.
you know what I'm saying?
Look. just trying to
make sure...
But Kev. uh... Eddie. can you...
Would you...
If I put some music.
would you be able
to show the audience
the three dance moves?
Because sometimes they look
at me as if I'm always just...
-Do you want him...
-
If somebody hits
some music for me. people.
-Hit some music.
-
Come... Come on.
make some noise.
Ah! Ah! Come on.
Oh! Ah!
Eh! Eh!
Ah! Ah! Eh!
Eh! Eh! Eh!
Eh! Eh! Hey. Hey!
Ah! Ah! Oh!
All right. all right.
Ah. ah. ah. ah. ah!
Ah. ah. ah!
That's too much!
Too much. That's too much.
Cut that music.
-Uh-huh.
Uh-huh.
Not the split. bitch.
The split...
That wasn't... That wasn't
part of the routine. bitch.
Not this. The other three.
you've got the other three.
Yeah. you got the other three
but not the split but you did...
Everybody. please
make some noise for him.
You put all those three moves
together. honey.
and you have
the African tribal dance.
And it's so interesting
because all the way up to today.
those are the three moves
that they're still teaching all
you bitches in class. honey.
Kevin...
Africa. Many countries.
Okay? Many countries.
But. you know.
after being here in America.
some things
feel very normal. sis.
You know. some things
feel very normal.
like. sometimes
it felt like home.
And I'm gonna
tell you this incident.
One of the things that
I kind of see the similarities
between America and Africa
are the aunties.
The gossips. bitch.
Oh. you're like... Oh. you don't
know who the aunties are?
If you don't know
who the aunties are.
then you are the auntie.
Bitch. you know what I mean?
Okay. how many people know
when I say the aunties?
-How many people know
what I'm talking about?
-
Exactly. So. you know. I was
minding my own business.
I was just sitting. you know.
It was a beautiful day.
You know. I always have
to paint the scenery
so you guys can actually know
what was going on. bitch.
I cannot just tell the story.
you know what I mean. bitch?
You've got to paint...
So it was a beautiful day.
you know.
Sis. it was
a beautiful day. bitch.
I would say
probably like 80 degrees.
You know. nice. sunny. whatever.
And I was just like...
I came and I was sitting
by two aunties.
They were just sitting there.
And I was like. "Hey."
We're just having
a very nice. polite.
intelligent conversation.
I know they have
lived in America
for such a long time.
but they were actually
from Africa.
So. you know. we're like.
"Auntie. how are you?"
"Oh. good to see you.
You're looking so good."
or whatever.
And then all of a sudden.
this beautiful young girl.
I would say she's probably
like 25 years old.
So she had a little mini skirt
on. her little crop top.
you know. long hair.
She was giving you the fantasy
just like a teenager.
And I'm like...
Well. she's not a teenager
'cause she was
20-something years old.
But you understand.
she was young.
So she's walking through
and she's coming through.
and she comes
by the aunties. right?
Her name is Amina.
Everybody say "Amina."
-Amina.
-ALL: Amina.
Yeah. because you need
to understand the story. right?
You cannot just...
You need to understand
who Amina... Amina.
-Amina.
-ALL: Amina.
You've got to put it like that.
You have to put
a little accent to it. Amina.
-Amina.
-ALL: Amina.
So Amina is here.
And then she comes
and then she sees the aunties.
and I'm sitting there.
So all of a sudden. she says.
"Aunties. aunties.
good afternoon.
"Oh. good afternoon."
And then one of the aunties
is like.
"Eh. eh. Amina.
"How are you now?
"Oh. my gosh.
"you are a big girl.
"Ah! Beautiful!
"How is your mother. Sarah?"
She's like. "Oh. Auntie.
my mother is doing great."
"Oh. you're going home.
"When you go home.
say hi to your mother. eh?"
"Uh-huh." "Tell her that
we say hello. okay. Amina?"
So Amina is about to leave.
"Okay. bye. Amina.
"Oh. my gosh. oh.
Ah. such a good girl."
Bitch. Amina
did not take ten steps away.
that auntie turned around me
and said.
"You know this Amina kid. eh?
"I hear that her mother.
"that her mother
is a hateful bitch.
"Her... And you see that Amina?
"Look at Amina going like that.
That's a prostitute. eh?
"She is a prostitute.
"She is a published
prostitute. eh?
"This... Ah! Ah! Look at her!
Dirty girl. eh!"
I looked at that wo...
I looked at the aunties.
I looked at myself.
"Bitch. I'm not a published
prostitute. bitch."
Bitch. no. can you imagine
being a published prostitute?
Bitch. it means
you've made it. bitch.
Bitch. how many people know
what published prostitute...
Kevin. you do not know
Bitch. it means he made
the back pages. bitch.
Okay? It means you had
some money. girl. I couldn't...
I was like. "Oh. these...
"But y'all also know
how to gossip here."
Amina.
ALL: Amina.
-Amina.
-ALL: Amina.
Yeah. but you know what. people?
I would still say that
I am very happy
to be in America.
I believe...
In spite of it all...
In spite of it all.
I'm very happy to be here.
in spite of it all.
In spite of Amina.
in spite of the Kevins.
Bitch. I'm happy to be here
because you know what.
even being here. I have
really achieved quite a bit.
For those who have television.
you would know.
Uh-huh. for those
who have television.
you know I've won reality shows.
I have had top charting music.
I have gone viral.
I have made TV appearances.
I have been living the life.
And I will not complain.
But bitch. nothing
was so important to me
than getting my citizenship.
Bitch. when I got
my citizenship.
that's how I knew
I made you Africans...
And not just Africans.
immigrants in the house.
make some noise.
I'm talking about those
that came here
because immigrants can be
many different things.
But those that came here.
make some noise.
All four of you? There you go.
So you will know exactly
what I'm talking about.
why America
makes it so hard. bitch.
for us to get our papers. honey.
They make it so difficult
to become a citizen here.
and which I really
don't understand.
Because a lot of the jobs here.
you don't wanna do them.
And then we come here
and we do the jobs
for you bitches.
and you still don't wanna
give us our paper.
I don't get it.
Do you all... Do you just...
Okay. just to let you know
with the whole citizen...
Citizenship process.
it's like this exam
that you have to study.
Bitch. you have to study it
like your life
depends on it. bitch.
I'm telling you.
you don't understand.
It is so tedious.
You've got to know
all of these things
about American history.
And... Right?
How many people studied...
Did you study the exam?
Yeah. And legislature. right?
Wasn't that a pain...
It was a lot
to learn all of those answers
in the question...
And the gag about it is that
99% of all you Americans. Kevin.
do not even know the answers.
Bitch. you don't even
know the answers.
But then you're making us
do all that bullshit.
Somebody got it now?
Okay. somebody got it now.
How many people here
are proud to be American?
I know a lot
is going on right now.
but think about the glory days.
If you are a proud American.
make some noise.
What's your name. sweetheart?
Kristen. where are you from?
Can you come up here. please?
Come on here. Kristen.
Take your time. Kristen. honey.
Take your time.
Take your time. Kristen.
How many people here
are proud Americans?
Come on. if you're proud...
What's your name. sir?
Uh. Erik. can you come on...
Come on. Come on.
Come on. Erik.
How many people here
are proud Americans?
I need... Here. let's see.
Hmm.
-What's your name. sir?
-
-Where you from. Brady?
Oh. because Brady
is a very American name. honey.
She's given... You know.
you're giving me
a very American name.
Are you proud to be an American?
Come up here.
So I'm going to position
you guys.
-I need you over here. baby.
-Okay.
Mmhmm. Mmhmm. Stand there.
Take your time. take your time.
And I'm gonna... Mm.
Take your time.
Okay. now stand. you know.
like. stand like a model. honey.
You're on television.
Now stand over there.
You're giving me
very salt and pepper. bitch.
I need you to look seasoned!
Uh. hon...
I need you to stay...
Mmhmm.
Guys. do you guys know
what we're going to do?
We are going to play a game.
We're gonna play a game.
and the title of this game is
"Are You Smarter
Than An Immigrant?"
-
And you know. and you know...
You know. I just
have to let you guys know
because we're gonna
play this game...
Don't get nervous. It's okay.
I mean.
you're a proud American. bitch.
You should not
get nervous. honey.
Okay? And guess what?
When it's all done. if you all
get the answers correct.
then you go back to the world
and you get to
celebrate yourself
and the freedom
that America has to offer.
But bitch. if you fail...
-Get out.
-No.
We're going to have
some ICE agents waiting
right out of the door.
Bitch. you don't even need
to take your belongings
or anything. You just
have to follow them. honey.
I'm trying to... I'm trying
to help you bitches here.
I'm trying to help.
You just got to follow them.
Do you know where
you're originated from?
Like. I know you're in America.
But do you know where
your origins are from?
-Yes.
-You do.
-So you're going there
if you don't...
Okay. so...
Take your time.
So I'm going to like...
Everybody clap.
We are going to go
to contestant number one.
What's your name? I want you
to introduce yourself.
and I want you to tell us
where you're from
and why you are proud
to be an American.
-You can hold it.
-Right. okay.
My name is Kristen.
and I'm from Cincinnati. Ohio.
And I'm proud to be an American
because of all the freedom
we have every day.
I don't take it for granted.
and I hope that
I make everyone proud.
Okay.
Bitch. okay. that was a lot!
It was just supposed to be
a simple introduction. bitch.
Not a whole paragraph. girl.
Contestant number two.
Can you let us know what
your name is. where you're from
and why you're proud
to be an American?
-Hi.
-You can hold it.
Hello. uh. I'm Brady.
I'm from Dallas. Texas.
and I'm proud to be an American
because you. uh...
I can be as gay as I want.
-Thank you.
Uh-huh.
I like that.
That was good. Freedom.
So bitch. you better make sure
you know the answer
to this question.
if you want that freedom
because all these bitches
keep talking about
freedom. bitch.
Okay. I'm just saying.
Contestant number three. Hi.
Can you tell us your name.
where you're from
and why you're so proud
to be an American?
My name is Erik.
I'm from Brooklyn.
And I was saying. I was. like.
kind of proud to be an...
I was going like this.
You know. sometimes
it depends on the day.
When I am proud. it's because
of what they said though
When I'm not proud
it's because of everything else.
A little too much. but okay.
Are we ready
for these questions?
Now I need y'all
to really. really support these.
I mean. coming up here
and doing this is the...
That means it's...
You're very bold
and your life is at risk.
Okay. bitch.
So. contestant number one.
Who is the Chief Justice
of the United States right now?
Pounding. Um...
I don't know.
Chief... I mean...
Just stay there.
Contestant number two.
-Are you ready?
-No.
Name one
of the Federalist Papers.
Name one writers
Andrew Hamilton.
-No?
-Do you believe you got it?
You are a proud American.
do you believe you got it?
And do you feel
your answer is correct?
Yes. I'm gonna go with yes.
He got it.
You can enjoy
your freedom now. bitch.
Just be gay. girl.
You can get more gayer. bitch.
Contestant number three.
What's the name of the doctor
who performed Pamela Anderson's
breast augmentation surgery?
We also need the exact date
and time of the procedure.
Uh. Dr. Hugh Hefner?
Failed.
Failed. Uh. you know what?
Ahem.
Agent.
You can take them.
You can take them. Yeah.
you can take... Girls. I tried.
I tried. There you go.
You can take them.
Yeah. Yeah. you can take...
It's okay.
I'm sorry. I tried. You can...
I'm sorry.
I tried. I tried.
Bitch. that is what
any immigrants would know.
Bitch. that is the process.
That is what it takes
to live in this country.
Pamela's breast augmentation.
But people. I have to tell you.
when I got my citizenship...
And. yes. I got my citizenship.
I did. bitch.
When I passed my citizenship.
it was everything.
It was everything to me. bitch.
I could go to...
I could vote because
voting is the big one.
you know what I'm saying?
And speaking of voting.
all of you bitches need to
go out there and vote. honey.
-Okay?
-
Y'all need to go out there
and vote. honey.
They are really trying
to take our shit away.
But they'll soon know
what I'm talking about.
Kevin. you probably don't know
what I'm talking about. But...
Kevin. do you know
what I'm talking about?
Okay. what am I
talking about. Kevin?
Our freedom. Kevin?
Kevin. our? O-U-R?
I don't know
about that. Kevin.
because you're not
giving me "our." honey.
But people. like. I have to say.
like. when I won and I was here
and I got my citizenship.
bitch. when I got
that citizenship.
it was everything to me. bitch.
I was at the grocery store.
I would see this old lady
trying to get her fruits
or whatever. bitch.
and I was just waving my ticket.
I was like.
"Bitch. I'm a citizen!
Bitch. I'm a citizen!
Everywhere.
"Bitch. I'm a citizen."
And it was just...
It just meant so much to me.
It meant so much to me
because here I am in America
and people. I know
you guys have been here.
and I'm so happy that you guys
came here to see me.
but I will tell you this.
I mean. because there's...
There's an end to
all of these conversations.
the differences.
the similarities. Blah. blah.
blah. blah. blah.
What that means to me
is that America
is such a melting pot
where there are so many. many
people who live in this country.
and what makes this country
so beautiful
are the differences that
exists here in this country.
-Every single person
that is in this country
is from somewhere
and what makes it beautiful.
when we can sit here
and we can laugh
and have a good time
is because we can talk
about our differences
and they are funny.
but they also make us together.
make us be together.
They make us
align our energies together.
Do you know what I'm saying?
So we should love being here.
We should love
the freedom of being gay.
Okay? We should love...
We should love.
We should be able to...
We should take that time
and really. really
just love the freedom.
and that's why
I'm so excited to be here.
That's why I'm a proud African.
but I'm also
a very proud American.
Yes. I am.
So I am saying. people.
as we're enjoying the freedom
here in America.
we need to love each other
and we need to love ourselves
and we need
to celebrate the freedom
that we have here
in this country.
So when you are sitting
at that restaurant
and you see that immigrant
who is sitting right there
going through the phone book
of a menu trying to figure out.
"Bitch. what am I going to eat?"
You just lean all the way back
with your basket of seasonings
and that hot sauce
and tell them.
"Bitch. it gets greater later."
Thank you so much. everybody.
Bye.
Bye. people.
Amina!
ALL: Amina!
Thank you. everybody.
* You can be tender
and I'll be lightning
* You can be a match
and I'll be gasoline
* Something like a tower
and electricity
* I really like a chemistry
and I've been patient
* But I can keep on
* Waiting. waiting. waiting
waiting. waiting *